== AirDesk/WanderDesk/Maybe I'll call it AirChair, that sounds nice doesn't it?

This project is my final project for App Academy. It's a Rails webapp which will
also be getting some well needed front end love in the coming weeks. If you could
use a junior rails dev, have positions in NYC, and think that I could fulfill 
that role, please email me at brianw.stearns@gmail.com. 

Cheers,

Brian


== Overview
This project is basically an attempt to clone AirBnB but styled a bit more 
towards commercial spaces. It also has some elements that are more appropriately
sourced from 42Floors. It's current state is unfinished, specifically I am 
working on getting the pages to be dynamic and have more front-end logic. This
primarily involves getting the find and index pages to respond appropriately to
the map movements and update their contents to be within those bounds. That will
remove the necessity for verbose geographic search via the city/zip/etc. fields.


== Currently Implemented

1. User auth/permission sets.
       
2. Listing creation and search, update, destroy. Also pictures!

3. Deal making and agreement, corresponding messages that are associated with a given deal.

4. Geographic search based on IP geolocation as well as names of places (i.e. NYC or New York works fine).

5. App will fill in missing geographic descriptors if it can (i.e. forgot state? no problem, NYC is probably in New York).

6. Favoriting listings.


== Being Implemented or Currently under-Implemented

1. Allow unfavoriting and add alerts.
       
2. Tie dynamic map to search results (JQuery/UJS ftw).

3. Handle finalized deals. Truncate overlapping availabilities.

4. Switch searching over to PG search instead of constructing queries in the controller.



